ELEVATOR INSTALLER / TECHNICIANS
Permanent Position
Global Company, Role based in Canberra
Specialised Team
Our client is a well-known International Leader in the doors and elevator industry, operating for over 50 years. 

The primary purpose of this role is to maintain and install new and existing elevators. You will become a member of a dedicated team and report directly to a supervisor. As the ideal candidate will be a qualified electrician or fitter with previous elevator experience. 

Key responsibilities include:
Installation and Repair of elevators
Engagement with clients on-site
Completion of reporting documents
Follow all OH&S and Compliance procedures
Travel to regional locations

Skills & Experience:
Highly regarded Electrician / Fitters / HVac qualifications 
Current drivers licence
Lift industry knowledge
Ability to pass pre-employment medical with D&A and criminal record check
At least two years previous lift experience
OH&S Greencard – preferable

Our client provides a strong culture with a focus on communication, teamwork and quality workmanship. This role will be a permanent position with on-going opportunities in a secure environment. The site is based in Mitchell. 

If you feel you are a suitable applicant for this role submit your resume buy hitting “Apply Now’ if you require further information please don’t hesitate to call. ​
Contact Name: Loretta Pizzol
Ref No: 68439g
Phone: 02 6268 9759
Apply Online-Chandler Macleod
ABOUT CHANDLER MACLEOD
As one of the region's largest providers of human resources solutions for over 50 years, Chandler Macleod Group has a proven track record of unleashing potential in people and companies. 

What does this mean for job seekers?
Our team of industry specialists will partner with you to find the role, team, working environment and organisation that is the BestFit™ for you. Afterall, regardless of salary, title or location, the fact is you can only really feel passionate about your job if it's the right one for you. 

Website:
jobs.chandlermacleod.com